hello my name is emma freud this is
Michelle Rhee jr. did I say that right
yeah
nothing sir and we're making your recipe
let Han Oh team okay
had a good time it sounds complicated
he's quite complicated it's the easy
recipe I've ever done in my whole life
so we're gonna start it now and then put
it in the oven and then come back to it
it might be Peter it's me cooking by the
way you're not allowed to do anything
you can just watch and criticize I'm so
nervous
would I dare yes I just made this run
some coffee and he went oh is there
something in that coffee and I went yeah
it's a little bit hazelnut see and I
went you I can't do it now so here is
some rabbit rabbit which I added a
little bit of thyme garlic because they
were speaking say so that's it you do
that then if you add weight by liberal
assault
yes I'm gonna say about that much for
them all quality solves many problems
always
what do is right so far so good
a tablespoon time use now look I'm
giving you a choice here sure the these
sticky ones these ones that looks great
nothing do I have to strip them or can I
just chop it up well soon as you put
twigs in there already
I'm not at option know what you know
what I would just leave that like that
and then we can add some time at the end
and that way it won't it won't burn
won't try out this this is the one this
time in here will really flavor it and
then fresh thyme at the end another I'm
gonna go over six do you actually do
normally never I made this recipe for my
family dinner mmm as a practice because
I was so nervous about coming and I did
all the measuring out and I thought
that's nice in the oven that's right
it's pretty simple mm-hmm I think for
now this is for yeah I thought it's
quite a lot of olive oil that's more
than I would ever have put in there
there's not enough spices and I will say
that's it I thought it's a little bit
though so I had another rub it cuz I
bought accessor of it and I did my own
one where I did I pan-fried it first I
dusted it in a little flour that I
flavored I added some amazing rosemary
mustard
I put in some brandy shop I added some
stock some turf of stock still left over
from Christmas in my fridge I did it in
the middle
rather than them and living it's a steam
a bit and I served both rabbit dishes to
my family
we called it a rabbit off and knowing
that I was going to win because I had
all these fantastic ingredients and you
just like salt pepper and thyme to the
end and of course it's it's recipe it's
simple it's going in at 200
yes for 20 minutes yeah not only how to
round it off and did my homework like no
I then found at the end of the evening I
had some rabbit carcasses yes leftover
so I made some rabbit stock and I
thought because this is a bit I'm not
gonna say the word boring it's a bit
simple I thought we could have some
french furry lentils cooked in rabbit
stock with it what you think yes okay so
you still talk cook but you are allowed
to help me a little bit okay so so
covered we Linden's we're going to ship
something today
[Music]
open the jar which we put in geometry
that much normally two parts to one okay
now would you lift it did you put a
little bit well yes I would take it up
to boiling and then turn it down and
then how long would that be roughly
would you say free locals will take
about it's 20 minutes later we're back
in the kitchen and the rabbit is halfway
through its cocaine and we need to put
into your 12 of these shallots
peel gorgeous in the banana shots
oh the knowledge lots are not because
they're so easy to slice yes but these
taste best citrus 12:16 closer garlic
yes that's not too much garlic
oh it says such a thing is to onion
shallots garlic stir well and 150
minutes
maybe even coating very nice so even
like wild rabbit I'm sure it's gonna be
absolutely love a little shake yes
that's good the lentils rabbit stock
smelling love again you want to have
anything at this day no nothing would
make that better a bit of red wine no no
but I thought of being butter not the
cemetery thing that I made especially I
like putting a dressing on warm lentils
yeah you're something more like my
grandmother's well actually always used
to put a bit of red wine vinegar on the
olympians
yeah very nice so I made a dressing with
mustard in it so it'll be nice build a
rabbit and no I like the way you're
thinking but if I was going to say Ellen
if I'm serving it hot then I'll relax
for now what about some tarragon fantasy
your monkey you see if it was French
okay what about some parsley
nothing this is my better food yeah oh
geez on rabbit no goat cheese on lentils
if you were serving the lentils as a
standalone dish then maybe okay but not
with the rubber they're just gonna have
[Laughter]
19 minutes have gone by got one minute
before the story comes out sometimes
golden brown yeah routing the time and
things if you put the herbs at the end
like a fragrance you get the top notes
we I like top deck my ass okay I'll go
with that a little spritz it was s the
only little bit of acidity that we would
permit in there [ __ ] is a drop of yeah
a drop of red wine vinegar go on then
don't touch it
don't
mine out to have a little sniffle
my little caramelized yeah now our
lentils yeah they look cooked do you
mind if I have a little taste I think
they're overcooked no you know what
you know what's made me so good the
rabbit stock how much buzzer I know okay
so this is the whole thing isn't it with
restaurants is that when when you put
butter something you put like a ton of
butter into every dish so how much
butter would you put into that all of it
Wow really you know hmm
[Music]
now people get all het up about plating
them to make it look pretty
this style of food this particular fish
drastic yes like that yeah okay which
should be for the one the want the one
little thing I would say about plating
theme amateurs who always worry about
placing up and making it look fancy and
really nice and pages white plates yeah
no patterns no real urchins really help
let's plunge is possible and and don't
overcrowd the plate this piece you guys
it's earlier we've printed out Nicholas
it's got lots of okay crunchy yeah
crunchy gnarly bits on it with my
fingers yes
oh my I am salivating hmm
watch this for decoration so this is
Michelle rude juniors Lapham oh mission
were juniors lappa done with Emma
Freud's lentils no rabbit stock and a
bit of bread from our shop
[Laughter]